Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: integrations/neon.mdx

---
title: "Neon + PowerSync"

> description: "Build synced local-first apps with Neon and PowerSync using a TypeScript demo app."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Build highly responsive, synced apps with Neon and PowerSync using a TypeScript demo app."
```
